Jennifer Marshall is a Kentucky licensed Speech-Language Pathologist who holds the Certificate of Clinical Competence from the American Speech-Language Hearing Association (ASHA) and member of the American Craniofacial and Cleft-Palate Association, providing very specialized services for the cleft and craniofacial populations. She specializes in the evaluation and treatment of pediatric communication from early infancy through intermediate education with developmental delays or disorders.

After completing her undergraduate degree in Biopsychology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Jennifer earned a master’s degree in Communications Sciences & Disorders from Michigan State University.

Professionally, Jennifer worked for more than 6 years as an outpatient therapist at Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, a top-ranked Children’s hospital, where she received specialized training in the areas of resonance disorders, AAC, multidisciplinary therapy and feeding. While at Children’s, Jennifer was an active member of the interdisciplinary CFAT clinic and VPI clinic, where she assessed speech and resonance and determined plan of care in collaboration with the plastic surgeon, geneticist, ENT, dentist, orthodontist, psychologist, pulmonologist, and audiologist.

Now as a self-employed private therapist, working out of Lexington, KY, she is passionate about helping families across Central Kentucky. Since 2018, Jennifer has collaborated with the University of Kentucky’s Outpatient speech pathology services and Plastic surgery department to provide specialized services locally. Jennifer is the representing Speech Language Pathologist for the Kentucky Office for Children with Special Health Care Needs (OCSHCN).

Jennifer has had the opportunity to provide presentations professionally through OSHLA, MSHA, CSHA and speechpathology.com, as well within the educational setting for the College of Dentistry and the College of Communication Sciences and Disorders at UK.

Her publications include:

Kummer, A., Marshall, J., & Wilson, M. (2015). NON-CLEFT CAUSES OF VELOPHARYNGEAL DYSFUNCTION: IMPLICATIONS FOR TREATMENT.
International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngoloy
Faculty Rank
Adjunct Professor of Communication Sciences & Disorders
Training & Education
Degree
MA, Communication Sciences & Disorders
Certifications and Special Training
American Cleft Palate Association